The Joe Rogan experience.
I have this sober October group text that I'm in with Uh-hmm <affirmative> Ari,
shapfi Burt Chrysler and Tom sgarra and it's ridiculous. Yeah.
Sometimes it's so re it's sometimes it's so ruthless and so ridiculous.
I just go, oh. I'm in a few of those texts. Yeah, me too. And texts,
group texts with other comics are the Best's.
So great.
I also have a group text that's with a couple of my female friends and like that
one I'll look away from my phone and then I'll look back a minute or two later
and there's be like 96 <laugh> texts. And I'm just like, what happened?
And there's three different conversations going on.
Simultaneously. Yeah, I can't do that. It's I don't understand that.
It's really.
Like I, being, being friends with women is a lot of work.
Mm.
It's. Like, do you prefer being friends with men?
I, I love being friends with men.
I also love being friends with women because there's stuff that they,
you can talk to them about that just like either you can say it to men,
but they're not gonna have the in depth discussion about it that you want it to
happen. Mm. You know, like women will just indulge each other and be like,
but how did he say it? <laugh>, you know, <laugh> like,
oh, he put a period. Like, was there a period after the text and HES, like,
yeah. There's a period. Well then, yeah. I don't think that's good. Yeah. If he.
Just left it open, maybe it's casual. You know what,
how many times have you ever a conversation when someone just writes something
like, sure. Yes. Like what does that mean? I do it all the, what does.
Sure mean I do it accidentally sometimes I'll be like, yeah, sure. Well, no,
I don't wanna say yeah. I'll just say sure.
Right. Do you want to go there? Sure. Okay. She's mad. Yeah. She's mad. Sure.
But sure mean, sure. Sounds like a fight is about to happen. Yeah, sure.
Sure.
You always decide. You always.
<Laugh> another like more aggressive would be fine. Fine. Yeah.
Do you wanna go there? Fine. Oh fine. Yeah. that? I'm in trouble.
Fine's not, I' got a lot of trouble. Fine's not good. You go, go to pick her up.
She's not smiling. Like what are we doing? <laugh> should we do this?
Should we stay home?
Fine. If you wanna fight,
let's just do it now and not wait till we get to the restaurant. <laugh> well.
What's fine. The. Does that mean?
I also think it's good for men when women have a lot of female friends,
because like, oh, good.
For the either person you're dating or married to you should want your
girlfriend to have a couple female friends so that she can have the
conversation. Oh yeah. With like the more I think about relationships,
the more I'm like no men and women, like a husband and wife,
shouldn't be having all of those discussions. Like he doesn't wanna hear it.
He doesn't wanna hear it,
have it with your girlfriends and then just talk to him about whatever else.
Like.
Yes. Like couldn't agree more. It's it's.
It's an unrealistic.
Expectation.
I go on double dates with my wife and her and her friend mm-hmm <affirmative>
and me and the, and it winds up being two different conversations.
I get stuck with a husband mm-hmm <affirmative> and she's talking to her friend,
like, oh my God. So cute. Oh my God. Did he say that? Oh my God. Oh my God.
Oh my God. Yeah. Like just have these, these rambling girl conversations. I go,
Hey, Hey, let's have one conversation. Yeah.
We can't do this two conversations things. Yeah. And it's.
Like, it's so it's so nice to have like the girls just to be like, yeah,
I get to indulge the girl side of myself that like.
Right. That's that's a thing. That's a real thing. <affirmative> it's a.
Real thing. Yeah.
Yeah. Like some,
some people wanna pretend that men and women are the same thing.
This is,
I think that's such a detriment to both men and women like saying that women are
the same as men. It's like, well, we're not,
but also why do we want to be right?
Why is that happening?
Why is that even the standard, right? Like just let women be what you are. Yes.
And men can be what they are.
And then there's some people that do float in the middle, but like, well.
I think it all gets conflated with equal rights. Well like equality,
equal rights, equal laws, equal, you know, willingness to,
to try different jobs, those kinds of things. Yeah.
And then we decide that men and women are not any different and that the,
these are all cultural creations and these are,
these are things that are concocted by society. Right.
And I think, I mean, I think it's kind of,
it's bad for women when we say, well, we're just the same as men,
because it's like, you're saying with that sentence,
that men are correct. And when you start,
finally start to think of us as men, as the same as men now we're correct too.
Hmm.
Well, what I like to say is that men and women, aren't math. Exactly.
We're not equal. We're different things. Yeah. It's not,
it's not an equality thing.
You make all the people like there will never be equal to you.
You make every human ever made is made in a woman's body. Exactly.
This, this whole thing though, is weird to me because I'm like,
where did this come from?
This didn't exist before the equal rights thing existed before. Yeah. But this,
that, that,
it's some sort of a cultural creation that women are different than men,
that this is, uh, something that society has sort of impose on women.
Like no women, like different things. Yeah.
And like, we, like,
we just sometimes just like to be around each other, which men,
I think sometimes just like to be around each other too. Oh yeah. For sure.
You know, like, it's like, I can hang out with the boys. No problem.
I grew up with older brothers, you know,
like all I ever did was hang out with boys, but now,
like I also see so much value in just getting to be with girls.
Yeah. You should. I mean it's and, and men do with men.
There's a lot of stuff that men like that women don't a lot of women don't have
interest in. Yeah. Yeah. And that's okay, it's fine. But this idea,
like that's toxic, like toxic masculinity, like, oh,
the nonsense that we hear today,
it's all exactly what we were talking about before,
where people trying to control people and define people. Yeah.
And it's the same thing. It's.
Like, I think that's one of the reasons you see it a lot,
especially online from white women.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> because we wanna have power, you know, like we wanna,
we wanna be able to, and I mean,
us being able to tell other people what they can and cannot do or say
is us just being like, yep. That's our power. Now.
We might never be better than white men, you know,
but we can at least control mm-hmm <affirmative> what you get to say about us.
Mm. And I think as soon as white women are like, yeah,
we do like to have control. Then we'll be like, thank you.
Let's dismantle all of this. <laugh> it's the same.
It's the same kind of toxic masculinity, you know? Like, it's just like,
it's all toxic. Yeah. You know, like, how dare you tell what black people,
how to feel about, you know,
like what joke we can and cannot say about black people. Did you ask any of 'em?
You know, like, I you'll see it.
I'm sure you see it at stand up shows where there's like white women with their
arms crossed. And then like,
when you start talking about race and then black people who are laughing and
you're like, they're like,
you shouldn't be able to tell jokes about black people like that. It's like,
did you.
Look? Well, I think lot of it too,
is people working in offices all day where they're constantly suppressed, right?
Like the,
the way you communicate it in an office is so vastly different than the way a
comma communicates on stage in front of a nightclub. Yeah.
It's so different that most people,
the vast majority of their day is under the spell of human resources. Right.
You know, they're, they have this imposed standard of communication. That's,
it's not how they wanna talk. It's not how they wanna behave and think like,
look, and also men and women working together is strange.
It's strange. And anybody says, it's not strange,
never worked with women and men together. Right.
Because people get attracted to each other. People get petty,
people get jealous, people get flirty, people get, people get controlling.
They play social games with each other. Yeah.
And like, I mean, it's one of those things where it's like,
you can't even broach the subject now. Right. Because people are like,
it's not an issue. And I'm like, no, there are so many issues.
It's fraught with issues. Yes. Like, let's talk about it. Like, okay. Yeah.
There's a lot of sexual harassment that happens in offices,
but there's also a lot of legit tointimate relationships that happen in offices.
Yeah. Like there's flirting. There's one night stands. There's you know,
like all of.
This is happening. People get married and have kids, people.
People for a while and then they might hate each other,
but they still gotta figure out how to work together.
That happens all the time. All the time.
The hilarious thing is when that happens and there's a boss and someone who's
below them. Yeah. They'll say, oh, he abused his power.
And again, I, I look at it from my perspective where I'm like,
I'm attracted to men who are good and powerful.
So if I were gonna have,
if I worked in an office and my boss was really good looking
and I was attracted to him and there was a chemistry and we started sleeping
together. Woo. Like, that's what I wanted. <laugh> and then, you know, like,
like.
Yeah, this is like, you're gonna get canceled just for saying that a hundred.
Percent <laugh> you can't.
Say that. You can't say that you wanna be with someone powerful and uh,
someone who's, uh, who holds something over you. Yeah. I do see.
So you should the janitor. Be a good person. Yeah.
I mean, if he's really hot, you know, I might get ever shot pretty.
Anyway. Oh, well you could hook him up.
<Laugh> we get married now theres the whole thing. Yes.
But take it seriously. It's it's important for his culture. <laugh> don't be.
An. I about it. I'm his, I'm his, uh I'm and there you go. I do think like,
I do see it now, and this is a weird thing, but like super feminist women.
I do see a lot of them kind of dating.
Like jawless like kind of pushover
guys. Yeah. And I'm like, I'm like, oh,
maybe they're maybe they're the women I'm talking. They're like, no,
I found these short, I found these soft bone men, you know, like.
Jawless is a fun way to describe it. They're so jawless.
Jawless.
Jawless men. That's such a bummer,
but really bad jeans like that. Like, Ooh.
There's not a God thing they can do about that.
No, I don't. I don't think you can get a new jaw. You.
Can give you a jaw surgery that could like try to grow your jaw out with like
the cut your jaw and break it. And Ugh.
<laugh> I know a lady who got a chin. She had a chin,
like mm-hmm She didn't wanna keep it chin. No, she didn't wanna keep it.
So she got a, a chin implant.
I think they might have done something to her actual jaw itself too.
But it was one of those very unfortunate chins mm-hmm.
<Affirmative> you know? And then she, what couldn couldn't eat for? Like.
I don't know. They put a piece of plastic or something where a chin,
like it used to go in too far. Yeah. And then it came out a little bit.
Did she have syphilis? I don't know. I didn't ask. I didn't know her that well,
she told me she had a chin implant. I was like, what, what you on a what?
Like your jaw. She didn't like the shape of her jaw.
So she got her jaw reworked.
Well, some of these guys should get, look.
Into that. I don't think there's much she can do.
If you have a tiny little jaw <laugh>. That's a bummer.
But.
Yeah. Working with men and women working, together's like,
there's a way to figure it out, but it's FRT with complications.
It is.
And the real issue is people holding things over you in order to get you to
sleep with them. It's not you a hundred percent.
You being someone who works for someone who's legitimately attracted to this
guy, and then you get together. It's still, if I was running a company, I'd say,
Hey, don't each other. You. I'm trying to make money. Right. You know.
I, I don't and I don't want, yeah. Like.
I don't wanna, and I can't, I can't condone it legally. Right, right.
Cause if I say, yeah, what are you banging your secretary, right. Yeah.
Take a picture. Come on. You know, like, what am I gonna say? You,
you would have to say that it's in the rules and regulations.
You would have to say,
but it's there no way you can tell me that it's not possible for a man
and a woman who working together and the guy's the boss and the woman works
under him and they fall in love and they have an amazing relationship. It.
Happens all the time. It does bill and me gates. Ooh. She worked at Microsoft.
Ooh. That piece of bills.
A piece of. I mean, he's a power hungry piece of. Abused his.
Power. And you can see it. When you look at him, it's basically rape. <laugh>.
It's basically rape. Basically. He got power over her basically. Yeah.
He has power. He's.
Actually been aprisoner.
Oh my God. I can't believe this. We gotta give her half of that.
A hundred billion dollars that he has out of that. But that's like ivory tower.
Of course this happens.
Of course. Yeah, of course it happens. Yeah. It's what the real issue is.
Someone's sexually harassing you.
Like some guy was holding a promotion over your head saying that he wants you to
sleep with him or making lude comments and make you feel disgusted. Right.
Or you show up to work and you're not interested in that person at all.
You just to wanna do your job and they're making comments about your breasts or
your legs or your mouth or.
Oh, the mouth comments are the worst. What?
They're somehow creepier than like the breasts or the butt.
It's just like your mouth. Oh.
Stop it. Just picture him with his, just fly down. Pantst still on. Oh, his car.
Oh God. Oh, look at that little man out. <laugh>
stop talking about my mouth. <laugh>.
There's no, the problem is there's no equivalent with men.
There's no one thing that a woman could say to a man that makes him feel like a
piece of meat like that, like, like humiliating. They're you.
It's so hard to sexually harass men because they're in those so much of it.
Yeah. Would like it. Yeah.
Yeah. Especially if we're attracted to you, you sexually harass.
Like if your boss yeah. Is like, you want this job, you gotta eat.
My pussy'd be like, oh, <laugh>.
Just do this here or later. Or <laugh> you on that.
Desk right now? How much am I getting?
How much of a raise are we talking about here?
Can I also get a couple reserv vacation days? How many days.
Do I get and how many can I.
Get? Does it depend on the performance? Yeah. Right, right, right.
Like what if I really know what I'm doing? <laugh> could we do this a lot?
<Laugh> she's like, well, let me see. I don't know.
I'll give you a performance review.
I know you're married and I have a wife as well, so let's just like,
keep this on the line. I'll just the outta your work. We're good. You're good.
All right. I' make an extra 40, 50 grand a year. By the way, we.
Are gonna need to get something to lock that door. <laugh> the jgan experience.